uh hugo you want to show us nft storage
yes let me just share my screen
get this out of the way can you see the
nft storage
awesome home page cool
so okay so last week i presented this
uh this was still a little bit bare
bones
right now yeah we have almost all the
functionality uh
working plus some awesome docs
and i'm gonna show it so
this is pretty much the same we did some
tweaks
in the copy we tweaked some of the
examples that we have here um
and the first new thing that i'm going
to show you
is the documentation for the
the client library so
everything all the api is documented
uh we are using the the typescript
types that we that we have in the
library
this works in node it works in the
browser seamlessly
and the users the devs from the nfg
hack can just go here check out the
examples
check out the parameters check out all
the api
um how they need to send
the the files in its method
it's all explained here with examples
it's all very simple
um and they have all the communication
they need so here it's all generated
from the cold
easy to update if we need to do some
some
changes while the hack the hackathon is
going on we can do it and it will all be
reflected instantaneously in the in the
website
um so another new thing that we have
is the uh an open api schema
for the http api itself so
this is also available for the users
the foreign points are all
described here some descriptions
explaining stuff
all the parameters all the requests
body types and ways to do it examples
for the
responses
the different responses actually that
when everything goes well for the errors
and everything
they can even try it out like
you can go to the you can go back
go inside your accounts
get one of the keys that you have
go to the api docs
put your token there and now you can
just
test it out
you choose a file
and you execute hopefully this will work
yeah that's it we have our file here
our links here everything went well you
got the response setters
and they don't need don't even need to
write any code
then they can try the api out
in the docs they can do the same thing
for the other endpoints
you can just list everything
these are are all my files
um and yeah everything for the
the foreign points each type is
described completely uh the nft
one is the most important one so
everything explained like the pinning
data this is
related to the pinning services api uh
all the files if the if they upload
upload the directory
uh all the links uh this actually we
remove this uh so
this is this i have a pr to remove these
links because we think we
we shouldn't actually uh give them
like this so we're going to improve the
documentation to explain to the users
how to create these
these uh urls either the ipfs one or the
http one
because we don't want them to just take
these from the response
and put it in in the blockchain directly
we just want them to put the cid there
and then they can create whatever url
they need either the ipfs one they can
use whatever
gateway they like um and it's we think
it's better to educate them that
you can build out your urls just with
the cid
and then you don't need to update your
smart contract because
a gateway is down or whatever it's
happening
um because the url is broken
um this is an old version so it's
missing the deals
field which um after this call i'm gonna
push it to production but we already
have the
the five one bits
schema already it just needs to be
pushed
pushed to production um yeah
so one last thing it would be to just
show you i don't know if last week we
already had the upload bits
but yeah you can also upload directly
through the
interface um
and yeah it shows up here you have your
keys you have your files
you have your docs everything is nice
and well explained some easy to follow
examples and the comprehensive
documentation
already there and we are also updating
right now the terms of service that we
just got
from legal and yeah that's it
if you have any questions please
i guess i'm curious between hugo and
yusuf like in terms when it comes to
best practices for what
people should link in to
the nft metadata body and how they
should be
it's like great put it on ipfs
absolutely best practice
then what um you know ideally you're not
choosing a specific gateway url
that you know locks you into a
particular provider and then that
link can break um in the future um
ipfs colon slash slash is more agnostic
than that
but doesn't work in all browsers um so
it sounds like hugo you guys are
recommending
um pure cids to be the thing that you
stick
in the nft whereas i think yusef your
tutorial recommends ips colon
slash so yeah we should figure it out
what we recommend i i don't know i just
went with ips column slash
uris without really giving it a whole
lot of thought but
because i wanted to avoid http but it
does
it is problematic because like you have
to have special support for that i guess
but which you would also need for bear
cids but so i guess if you're having to
special case something maybe it's better
to
just use the cid like you're saying and
then um
instruct people to build the uri out of
that
exactly so we have had a lot lots of
discussions about like
the nft assets itself plus the metadata
um there's also like inside the metadata
it's supposed to be a an uri they're
pointing to either a preview
of the actual nft assets or the actual
assets
um but it would be useful or
like one of the discussion that we had
it's like how do we
uh upload everything like data
assets plus metadata in one
go into ipfs uh probably
everything rocked inside the directory
but before we do that
we would need to update the metadata
with the right cid of the root
folder that gets us to a weird point
that we need to figure out
um and yeah and we need to kind of
see if it's if this is acceptable for
the devs
that's i think it's the biggest uh thing
that we need to learn from this
hackathon
is how to engage with people in these
regards how to integrate them what's the
best way to do it
in ibfs and at the end of it maybe we
have a story to tell
that actually explains step by step okay
if you want to use ibfs this is the best
way this is the way we we recommend
and it's the most agnostic most scalable
most decentralized way we can provide to
you
this is it we have docs here and you can
follow
yeah my slight nudges to i agree with
iraqi's comment in the chat but using
the ips colon
seems like a good future forward
approach
whereby um when when every
uh browser is like brave and resolves
these things directly
or opera or other um that people will be
able to look directly within like the
nft metadata and
these links will be linkable and um and
choose their gateway or local node of
choice
uh kind of directly without them having
to do like an extra rewrite step
um so i feel like that should be the
optimal one but we should make sure that
we have
that then pushes us to have good support
whenever you're
um you know for ipvs colon slash in
lots of form in lots of places
there's also a feature on the table that
we're considering after the hackathon to
just mint the
not not meant to not mince the nft but
actually create the metadata
um for them essentially and then so when
we do that we could like always do this
right
and not have this problem
yeah a great point like i'm curious
what's what's next you guys have
sprinted to this deadline
to in order to get this up and ready for
people um
uh for for today but i imagine there's
probably a lot of stuff that didn't make
it on the
sprint uh cadence so what's what's next
for for this project
i'm trying to keep it a little bit loose
just so that we can take in all the
feedback and then look through it and
prioritize it
um but right now we're like actively
sort of in the hackathon channels like
taking in feedback and putting it into a
docking notion
that anybody can see um but yeah
i think that feature is probably the the
number one one and then
there are broader questions around like
what are the limitations of the service
how broadly can we give it out how long
can we really do this for free
like what is the long-term strategy for
you know subsidizing this that kind of
stuff
nice and are we actively going to be
making um file coin deals with the nft
data
throughout this weekend um is that like
an active
piece of this as well or is that a
secondary bit
correct this is active i mean
we don't have enough nfts just yet to
even try to batch anything because there
are just too few still
uh we expect this to ramp up uh during
uh alan's talk tomorrow uh the
presentation but
uh yes effectively our sla for this like
24 48 hours after that your
stuff will show up and we will be
mentioning that uh
through towards the end of the hackathon
and after the hackathon they should go
back to
the same api endpoints and check out
where they are still planted on falcon
and stuff like that
nice i think jeremy has a giant data set
of nfts he's building that
can help you get over some of those deal
limits pretty quickly